{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f0\fs24 \cf0 IEEE ORA Working Group Followers,\
\'a0\
It has been a little while since I last emailed but please know that we have been busily working over the past few months on our first standard. Attached to this email is the first proposed draft standard. This standard defines a core ontology that specifies the main, most general concepts, relations and axioms for robotics and automation (R&A). It is intended as a reference for knowledge representation and reasoning in robots, as well as a formal reference vocabulary for communicating knowledge about R&A between robots and humans. We tried to align the concepts in the document as best we could with other similar standards, such as ISO/FDIS 8373.\
\'a0\
This will be the first of a set of standards we expect to publish in the working group. Future standards will focus on detailed concepts for more specific areas, such as industrial robotics.\
\'a0\
Approximately 15 of us have developed this standard and we would now like your input. May I ask that each of you look over the document and send your comments to Paulo Goncalves ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:paulo.goncalves@ipcb.pt"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 paulo.goncalves@ipcb.pt}}), the IEEE ORA Group Secretary, who will compile them and send them out to the group. We are especially interested in the feedback from our working group members from industry. Is this something that you feel would be beneficial to your companies?\
\'a0\
Please remember that this draft standard represents all of us so please look it over and provide comments. If you would like to be more actively involved, please let us know and we would be happy to add you as a co-author on the standard.\
\'a0\
Best regards,\
\'a0\
Craig\
\'a0\
--\
Craig Schlenoff\
Group Leader, Cognition and Collaboration Group\
Robotics Researcher and Project Leader\
National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)\
100 Bureau Drive, Stop 8230\
Gaithersburg, MD 20899\
P: 301-975-3456\
F: 301-990-9688\
E: craig.schlenoff@nist.gov\
}